## S3 Working Group Minutes

Thursday, 2021/09/03

3:00 pm ET

## Attendees:

Terrell Russell, Alan King, Justin James, Dave Fellinger, Illyoung Choi (CyVerse), Tony Edgin (CyVerse)

## Minutes

DISCUSSION

 - This iRODS Working Group has been initiated
   - https://github.com/irods-contrib/irods_working_group_s3
   - Monthly meeting invite sent
 - Still need user story/stories
 - Service - needs to be defined a bit more
 - Go-irodsclient
   - Parallel transfer multi-1247 implemented in go-irodsclient
     - But not tested against 4.2.9+ yet
   - Tickets working-ish in the library
 - Can easily migrate existing gateway to pure go
   - But that's not terribly interesting/enough for this use case
   - Need the ticket functionality
 - New service
   - mc/web <-> sidecar <-> iRODS
   - mc/web <-> minio <-> iRODS
 - Development Tools
   - https://github.com/irods/irods_development_environment
     - builds debs/rpms
   - https://github.com/irods/irods_testing_environment
     - ease of testing debs/rpms
 - Next Steps
   - Help illyoung with docker containers for 4.2.10 testing (Alan)
     - Test multi-1247 transfer (Illyoung)
   - Chase Nirav/Tony for stories (Terrell)
     - Design the TicketBooth/BoxOffice
