## S3 Working Group Minutes

Friday, 2022/05/06

3:00 pm ET

## Attendees:

Terrell Russell, Dave Fellinger, Kory Draughn, Alan King, Justin James

## Minutes

DISCUSSION

 - Updates
   - Did not meet in March or April
   - Functional, some speed improvements
   - But, MinIO announced a deprecation of the gateway interface
     - https://blog.min.io/deprecation-of-the-minio-gateway/
 - Will look at a native C++ S3 implementation again
   - Removes dependency on another codebase that could pivot
   - https://github.com/irods/irods_client_s3_cpp
   - Appears straightforward enough, 1 collection -> 1 bucket
   - Initial goal is put/get/list/remove/rename
   - Can add permission editing later
 - Next Meeting
   - After UGM, August 2022

