## S3 Working Group Minutes

Friday, 2022/08/05

3:00 pm ET

## Attendees:

Terrell Russell,, Kory Draughn, Alan King, Illyoung Choi (CyVerse), Tony Edgin (CyVerse), Chris Kehoe (Fujifilm), Garret Van Dyke (Fujifilm), Gene Costanza (Fujifilm), Mike Conway (NIEHS)

## Minutes

DISCUSSION

 - Updates
   - First meeting since May
 - Native C++ S3 Implementation
   - https://github.com/irods/irods_client_s3_cpp
   - Pure API
   - Aim for 80% (not all AWS endpoints)
   - Possibly support taggingâ€¦ but possibly not, because can of worms
   - Start small and solid, incrementally listen to the community
   - Pick a framework
     - Pistache - https://github.com/pistacheio/pistache
     - Oat++ - https://oatpp.io/
     - Drogon - https://github.com/drogonframework/drogon 
 - Alternative Illyoung Future
   - Just add S3 protocol support to SFTPGo
     - https://github.com/cyverse/sftpgo 
 - Next Meeting
   - Sept 2022

