## S3 Working Group Minutes

Friday, 2024/02/02

3:00 pm ET

## Attendees:

Terrell Russell, Kory Draughn, Justin James, Alan King, Tony Edgin (CyVerse), Mike Conway (NIEHS), Illyoung Choi (CyVerse)

## Minutes

DISCUSSION

 - iRODS S3 API
   - Removed coroutines
     - Aligns with consortium goal for gcc/libstdc++
     - https://github.com/irods/irods_client_s3_api/pull/90
   - Working on multipart for v0.2.0
     - Initial implementation will be b) store and forward
       - Will require 'large' scratch space in mid-tier
       - But no extra policy fired in iRODS server
   - Tony Testing Update
     - Built a testing harness for openstack cluster
     - Using aws cli - ignoring configuration file?
     - Await results soonish
 - iRODS S3 resource plugin
   - libs3 absorbed
 - Next Meeting
   - Mar 1, 2024
