## S3 Working Group Minutes

Friday, 2024/08/02

3:00 pm ET

## Attendees:

Terrell Russell, Kory Draughn, Alan King, Justin James, Tony Edgin (CyVerse), David Cerf (GRAU DATA)

## Minutes

DISCUSSION

 - iRODS S3 API
   - 'Efficient store-and-forward' is 'working', but not yet merged
   - Storing parts information in shared table in memory
     - If we know all the preceding parts, we have enough information to stream directly to iRODS
     - If not, we write part files locally at the API (like before)
   - Approximately 30% faster than 'store-and-forward'
     - 12s instead of 18s for 600MB
     - With no network, all local, no distance
   - https://github.com/irods/irods_client_s3_api/pull/115
   - Moved 15 issues to 0.4.0 milestone
 - Tony wants to attach a bucket to a logical_path
   - https://github.com/irods/irods_resource_plugin_s3/issues/2196
   - We're still thinking a new ARCHIVE_NAMING_POLICY
       - with a new context string defining the 'left hand side' to 'chop' and 'enforce'
   - If a new submission comes in for this particular resource, but is 'outside the chroot'
     - we'd expect to see a 'bad path' or 'chroot requirement not met' or 'logical and physical are out of alignment'
     - assumptions not met, therefore, no data is saved
   - Someone should test this
 - Next Meeting
   - September 2024
