## S3 Working Group Minutes

Friday, 2025/05/02

3:00 pm ET

## Attendees:

Terrell Russell, Kory Draughn, Justin James, Tony Edgin (CyVerse), Illyoung Choi (CyVerse), Alan King

## Minutes

DISCUSSION

 - iRODS S3 API
   - No updates
 - S3 plugin - Attach a bucket to a logical path
   - No updates
 - S3 plugin - Decoupled not honored when redirecting to second server
   - https://github.com/irods/irods_resource_plugin_s3/issues/2146
   - Perhaps found the code/bug
 - CyVerse/Illyoung fuse caching
 - Next Meeting
   - July 2025
