## S3 Working Group Minutes

Friday, 2025/03/07

3:00 pm ET

## Attendees:

Terrell Russell, Kory Draughn, Justin James, Tony Edgin (CyVerse), Illyoung Choi (CyVerse)

## Minutes

DISCUSSION

 - iRODS S3 API
   - No updates
 - S3 plugin - Attach a bucket to a logical_path
   - https://github.com/irods/irods_resource_plugin_s3/issues/2196 
   - Tony would like this
   - Strategic because would allow bring-your-own-bucket
     - Assures others cannot use their storage
       - *could* be done today with policy, maybe...
     - Data already organized as-is / in-place
       - Rather than fullpath of iRODS namespace in their bucket
   - If it's just two things...
     - ARCHIVE_NAMING_POLICY=chroot
     - The context string to define the logical path 'trimming'
   - Maybe the rest of it just works because logical permissions
   - And need to check lots of error codes / scenarios
 - S3 plugin - Decoupled not honored when redirecting to second server
   - https://github.com/irods/irods_resource_plugin_s3/issues/2146
   - Perhaps found the code/bug
 - CyVerse/Illyoung fuse caching
   - Set up dedicated caching server
   - No updates on this enhancement yet
   - --vfs-write-back duration     Time to writeback files after last use when using cache (default 5s)
   - How to handle pool servers' multiple caches
     - Per user vs per namespace
   - Alternate approach with overlay filesystem
     - fuse-overlay-fs
     - But don't see as many filesystem events
     - Aka can't see the 'deletes', among others
 - Next Meeting
   - May 2025
